README.md, before:

# Getting Started

### Developer Guide

* Swagger URL: `{{protocol}}://{{hostname}}:{{port}}/swagger-ui/index.html`
* OpenAPI JSON Docs: `{{protocol}}://{{hostname}}:{{port}}/v3/api-docs`

### Backlog

1. Implement Checker Framework instrumentation on the code — Follow https://github.com/typetools/checker-framework/pull/7055
2. Migrate the ASP.NET Core Web API project — https://github.com/manojbaishya/dojo.api/

### Reference Documentation

For further reference, please consider the following sections:

* [Official Apache Maven documentation](https://maven.apache.org/guides/index.html)
* [Spring Boot Maven Plugin Reference Guide](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/3.4.5/maven-plugin)
* [Create an OCI image](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/3.4.5/maven-plugin/build-image.html)
* [Spring Boot Actuator](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/3.4.5/reference/actuator/index.html)
* [Spring Data JPA](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/3.4.5/reference/data/sql.html#data.sql.jpa-and-spring-data)
* [Validation](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/3.4.5/reference/io/validation.html)
* [Spring Web](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/3.4.5/reference/web/servlet.html)

### Guides

The following guides illustrate how to use some features concretely:

* [Building a RESTful Web Service with Spring Boot Actuator](https://spring.io/guides/gs/actuator-service/)
* [Accessing Data with JPA](https://spring.io/guides/gs/accessing-data-jpa/)
* [Validation](https://spring.io/guides/gs/validating-form-input/)
* [Building a RESTful Web Service](https://spring.io/guides/gs/rest-service/)
* [Serving Web Content with Spring MVC](https://spring.io/guides/gs/serving-web-content/)
* [Building REST services with Spring](https://spring.io/guides/tutorials/rest/)

### Maven Parent overrides

Due to Maven's design, elements are inherited from the parent POM to the project POM.
While most of the inheritance is fine, it also inherits unwanted elements like `<license>` and `<developers>` from the
parent.
To prevent this, the project POM contains empty overrides for these elements.
If you manually switch to a different parent and actually want the inheritance, you need to remove those overrides.

Commit message:

.NET Web API project migration

README.md, after:

# Getting Started

### Developer Guide

* Swagger URL: `{{protocol}}://{{hostname}}:{{port}}/swagger-ui/index.html`
* OpenAPI JSON Docs: `{{protocol}}://{{hostname}}:{{port}}/v3/api-docs`

### Backlog

1. Update Bruno API Documentation from SpringDoc OpenAPI JSON files.
2. Migrate the ASP.NET Core Web API project — https://github.com/manojbaishya/dojo.api/
3. Implement Unit and Integration tests for new models in org.dojo.spring.department.billing.Transaction, org.dojo.spring.todo,  .
4. Implement performance tests in k6 for the existing models — Department and Transaction.
5. Implement JWT OAuth 2.0 Authentication and Authorization with RBAC — both Token and Resource Servers in this project
6. Implement Checker Framework instrumentation on the code — Follow PR https://github.com/typetools/checker-framework/pull/7055

### Reference Documentation

For further reference, please consider the following sections:

* [Official Apache Maven documentation](https://maven.apache.org/guides/index.html)
* [Spring Boot Maven Plugin Reference Guide](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/3.4.5/maven-plugin)
* [Create an OCI image](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/3.4.5/maven-plugin/build-image.html)
* [Spring Boot Actuator](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/3.4.5/reference/actuator/index.html)
* [Spring Data JPA](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/3.4.5/reference/data/sql.html#data.sql.jpa-and-spring-data)
* [Validation](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/3.4.5/reference/io/validation.html)
* [Spring Web](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/3.4.5/reference/web/servlet.html)

### Guides

The following guides illustrate how to use some features concretely:

* [Building a RESTful Web Service with Spring Boot Actuator](https://spring.io/guides/gs/actuator-service/)
* [Accessing Data with JPA](https://spring.io/guides/gs/accessing-data-jpa/)
* [Validation](https://spring.io/guides/gs/validating-form-input/)
* [Building a RESTful Web Service](https://spring.io/guides/gs/rest-service/)
* [Serving Web Content with Spring MVC](https://spring.io/guides/gs/serving-web-content/)
* [Building REST services with Spring](https://spring.io/guides/tutorials/rest/)

### Maven Parent overrides

Due to Maven's design, elements are inherited from the parent POM to the project POM.
While most of the inheritance is fine, it also inherits unwanted elements like `<license>` and `<developers>` from the
parent.
To prevent this, the project POM contains empty overrides for these elements.
If you manually switch to a different parent and actually want the inheritance, you need to remove those overrides.
